Meruru - Atelier Meruru - Best open group - Armageddon expo

Award for best group in the open category of the cosplay competition. Made from Satins and chiffons, boned structure with invisible zipper. Handcrafted eva foam flowers, and wig braids handcrafted with invisible thread to secure. Prop fully made and painted, with wooden dowel and clay construction.

Alisa - Tekken 7 - Technical award - Armageddon expo

Award given for best technical skills in a group entry. Costume made from Silk, pleather and chiffon, with handpainted flowers. Costume fully gradient dyed and constructed with boning. Pattern created from scratch using drapin techniques. All pleather was handsewn.

Silica - Sword art online - Technical award - Armageddon expo

Award given for best technical skills in a solo entry. Full pattern drafted costume made of cotton, pleather, polyester and faux fur. Fur handdyed and handsewn. Armor constructed with EVA foam, and pleather covering. Applique details and handsewn bias binding.

Faris - Sakizo x Final fantasy - Best open group & Judges award - Armageddon expo

Awards given for best group within the open category, and special judges award. Fully pattern drafted costume made of cotton sateen, pleather, velvet, chiffon and cotton. Multiple hand-dyed features including gradient on the cape. 1000s of diamantes and beads handsewn to the costume, handmade tassels, and sword made of wooden dowel and EVA foam. 

Virgilia - Umineko no naku koro ni - Best open solo - Armageddon expo

Award given for best solo in the open category. Fully pattern drafted using historical costuming techniques. Made of cotton and wool blend fabric, with all undergarments handmade including hoopskirt and petticoat. 18 metres of fabric used total, and constructed with boning in both the dress and hat.

Wilbell - Atelier Ayesha - Best open solo - Armageddon expo

Award given for best solo in the open category. Fully pattern drafted using a mix of draping and traditional pattern making techniques. Made of atin backed crepe, cotton, numerous metres of interfacing, sateen and pleather. Star and sleeve applique details, gradient dyed backbow, and fully constructed hat with interior structure. 

Shannon - Umineko no nako koro ni - 1st place - GGWP

Award given for 1st place at ggwp convention. Fully pattern drafted, made of sateen, satin and cotton. Wig fully cut and styled, hand dyed socks, and fitted bodice with button up back closures.

Leafa - Sword art online - Best construction - Wellington Japan festival

Award given for best contruction at Wellington japan festival. Fully pattern drafted costume, made of various cotton fabrics. Fully lined , button up coat dress with handcrafted accessories. Care was taken to make a clean, simple and fitted costume. 

Leo - Tekken 7 - 3rd place - Madman national cosplay cup x Overload

Award given for 3rd place at the Madman national cosplay cup at overload. Made of Pleather primarily, and also garberdine. Fully lined costume, with hundreds of hours of hand sewn leather applique details. Pattern made and sewn for a gender neutral/male figure rather than female to try and change/mask my body shape. 

Cordelia - Atelier Rorona - 3rd place - Madman national cosplay cup x Overload

Award given for 3rd place at madman national cosplay cup at overload. Made of various upholstery fabrics, including cotton, silk and crepe. Handsewn lace, beads and gems. Fully lined and structured coat with boning and inbuilt petticoat for shape. Fully lined waistcoat made of suede with back tie. Sandwash satin dress and leggings. 

Amy - Soul Calibur 6 - 2nd place - Madman national cosplay cup x Overload

Award given for 2nd place at madman national cosplay cup at Overload. Made of satins, silks, sateens, cottons and pleathers. Handpainted lace to match the made body of fabric, handcrafted shoes, sword made of EVA foam, dowel and worbla. Skull motifs made of foam clay using a master mold. Fully boned lace up corset top.

Madoka - Puella magi madoka magica - Best in show - Overload

Award given for 1st place/best in show at Overload. Made of chiffon layered overtop of cotton for a 'soft' appearance, and full petticoat made of organza and satin - 120 metres used. Structured dress with back heart cut out, hand crafted socks and gloves. Fully pattern made from top to bottom with an emphasis on silohutte and structure.

